Your Majesty
The entire auction took in a total of 32.6 million taels
Of which, the exclusive agency rights are 22.6 million taels
The remaining 6.60 million is a loan
Very good, Su Hai, did you do a good job this time?
Close the game
The slave is only doing a little bit
Su Hai
This time
You have a public interest in solving the food problem for the army
I will reward you heavily
I
Make you Marquis Cheng Yang
Alchemy Book Iron Coupon
Fellow practitioners with the country
Thank you Lord Long
Your Majesty is optimistic
Have you ever had time to be criticized?
Merit is rewarded
I said who can help me solve the food problem
I will not reward
This Spirit Army is really lucky
With the help of Su Hai, Yanran
It easily solved the problem of the big army grain
Prime Minister
That's a good thing. How can that be a good thing?
The army can open up with good enjoyment and gold
Jincheng became the prime minister's bag
In addition, he named Yan Rong as his lord
The root bone has not been abolished
Junjun has another reason
It really is.
In addition, Yunjun sits on multiple ends
Prince Jincheng has been complaining for a long time
Not as good as us
Let Jin Qiang persimmon kouque become a piano
Knock out the prime minister
Want to do great things
We must first win the support of the people
And the name is mostly held by Scholasticism
Persimmon Kouque becomes a piano to stir public opinion
Tell the people of the world what the blind king has done
Now I know how old you are